you
what's good this is kareem from DJ booth
net and i'm here in the lab to give you
guys a quick unboxing and first
impressions video of the new beats by
dr. dre beats pro professional
headphones so what we're going to do is
we're going to just open up the box and
see what we get inside the box and just
give you a quick quick rundown on what
we see here and what it feels like it
looks like and we'll have the full out
video and written review ready for you
guys within the next two weeks so be
sure to come back check the website WWE
TNA and we'll show you what we got a few
weeks ago or a few months ago actually a
couple months ago we did a review on the
beats mixr DJ headphones what we're
going to do is we're going to take a
look at the beats pro from a DJ's
perspective and we're going to let you
know if they're good enough for the DJ
booth and how they hold up to the rigors
of a DJ so taking off the plastic nice
sturdy packaging really feel good take
off the outer sleeve again these are 399
down our headphones so you're going to
want a really nice detailed packaging
this really feels the part of that full
399 if you can spend all right open up
the box and very similar to the
packaging on the mixer headphones you
have your headphones here on the side
folded position and all of your
accessories are going to be on the side
over here okay so now that we have
everything out of the box we'll start
from the top we have a nice bag nice
pouch here as a drawstring to it nice
metal type drawstring adapter here so
you can tighten it down it has a nice
feel to it good to store away your
headphones no real protection on there
but just a nice soft case that comes
with the setup you have your coiled
cable which outstrip outreaches pretty
far you have a 90 degree angle on the
side that you plug into your device and
then you have your lockable connector
here on the side that goes into your
headphone you can choose whatever side
of the headphone you
want to plug it into nice and durable
this looks like good for DJ use since it
out stretches and you can stretch it
farther and will tangle up on anything
and it won't accidentally come loose
when you're moving around your DJ booth
then you have your smartphone's style
cable that doesn't have the same beefy
connectors to it but it has a 90 degree
angle on one side decided you're going
to connect it to your smartphone or your
electronic device and on the other end
you have a smaller style cable that fits
into the headphone jacks you also have
your three button touch dialing and
microphone in line so that we can use
this with your smartphones to make all
your phone calls so on and so forth next
up we have your adapter this is your
quarter inch from any adapter that comes
with the headphones so that you can plug
into other devices and last but not
least you have the headphones themselves
these are made of completely steel and
aluminum except for the leather the
genuine leather padding in the top and
in the ear cups their oversized over the
ear design they fit snugly over the ears
they got some weight to them and they
really feel like they're going to last
and you can adjust them for one here on
one ear off style monitoring and they do
feel like they're really just built
built very tough and for 400 bucks
you're going to want them to feel tough
so for more on the full written review
and the video review will have those
ready in about two weeks for you so make
sure you come back and keep checking on
the site it's WWI net / DJ s you can
come there and get all of our review
videos all of our in-depth and by
unboxing videos and everything else that
we have related to DJ equipment go there
check us out thanks for watching